# 09-Professional-README-Generator

## Description

This README generator allows anyone to generate quickly a professional README file, that can be used for any project, which can be done just with answering prompts in a easy-to-use terminal application. 
I learned how to effectively use node.js and the npm package inquirer@8.2.4 to create a terminal application. 
Inside of this repository, you will also find another sample-README.md in this repo, which was generated by this application. 
Feel free to use it for your own projects!

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.
This project can be installed, just by cloning it into your local machine, but you will need some extra installments.
In the develop folder, make sure to initialize npm with "npm init -y" and then 
install inquirer with "npm i inquirer@8.2.4".

## Usage

Once you initialized npm and installed inquirer in the develop folder,
start the README generator by running "node index.js" inside the develop folder.
You will be prompted to enter your preferred project title and the project description, the installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, your test instructions.

Then you will be prompted to choose your preferred LICENSE, you can scroll down to see all the listed LICENSES and simply hit 'enter' to choose one of them. --> This will create a badge for that specific LICENSE under your project title and also display the LICENSE in the LICENSE section.

Furthermore, you will be prompted to enter your github username and your email address, which will create the corresponding links. (make sure to not have a typo)

Enjoy!

## License

This is a MIT licensed product.


